README.md, before:

# awesome-my-tools
A repository documenting and celebrating the tools/resources I've used personally and professionally. In the spirit of the other "awesome" github repos.

- Anki
- AWS
    - SageMaker
- Docker
- Git
- GitHub
- (GNU) Screen: Terminal multiplexer
- Oh My Zsh
- pass
- PostgreSQL
- PyCharm
- Python
    - beautifulsoup
    - Black
    - Click
    - FastAPI
    - Flake8
    - huggingface
    - isort
    - jupyter
    - matplotlib
    - mypy
    - numpy
    - pandas
    - poetry
    - pre-commit
    - pydantic
    - pyenv
    - pyenv virtualenv
    - pytest
    - pytorch
    - pytorch-lightning
    - [ruff](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/): "An extremely fast Python linter and code formatter, written in Rust."
    - scikit-learn
    - seaborn
    - spacy
    - SQLAlchemy
    - tqdm
    - [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv): "An extremely fast Python package installer and resolver, written in Rust."
- R
- vim

WEBSITES
- [explainshell.com](https://explainshell.com/)
- [Mockaroo](https://www.mockaroo.com/): Generate random data in a variety of formats

RESOURCES
- [99 Data Viz Rules - & Why It's OK to Break Them](https://www.addtwodigital.com/blog): Great commentary that thinks critically about many "default" visualiation rules and under which circumstances those rules should be bent/broken entirely

Commit message:

Add cron-jobs and light formatting

README.md, after:

# awesome-my-tools
A repository documenting and celebrating the tools/resources I've used personally and professionally. In the spirit of the other "awesome" github repos.

---
- Anki
- AWS
    - SageMaker
- Docker
- Git
- GitHub
- (GNU) Screen: Terminal multiplexer
- Oh My Zsh
- pass
- PostgreSQL
- PyCharm
- Python
    - beautifulsoup
    - Black
    - Click
    - FastAPI
    - Flake8
    - huggingface
    - isort
    - jupyter
    - matplotlib
    - mypy
    - numpy
    - pandas
    - poetry
    - pre-commit
    - pydantic
    - pyenv
    - pyenv virtualenv
    - pytest
    - pytorch
    - pytorch-lightning
    - [ruff](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/): "An extremely fast Python linter and code formatter, written in Rust."
    - scikit-learn
    - seaborn
    - spacy
    - SQLAlchemy
    - tqdm
    - [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv): "An extremely fast Python package installer and resolver, written in Rust."
- R
- vim

---
WEBSITES
- [explainshell.com](https://explainshell.com/)
- [Mockaroo](https://www.mockaroo.com/): Generate random data in a variety of formats
- [cron-job.org](https://cron-job.org/): Schedule and run cron jobs on a separate server

---

RESOURCES
- [99 Data Viz Rules - & Why It's OK to Break Them](https://www.addtwodigital.com/blog): Great commentary that thinks critically about many "default" visualiation rules and under which circumstances those rules should be bent/broken entirely
